Hey, you thief cat, come here and fight me.
Hey, hey, what are you doing?
I'm just waiting for you.
I'm the one who's fighting.
What? You're fighting?
You're the one who's fighting.
What are you fighting about?
Well, well, be quiet.
What's wrong, Kumako?
Well, I'm not sure.
I bought 13 of these.
I thought I'd drink them all and go to the bathhouse.
I checked the place and there was no sign of 13.
I asked Kakao and he said the cat next door came and ate them.
He said there were 13 fish.
He said it was 13 times to eat one cat a year.
He said he ate two cats and that while he was coming back,
he said he'd work hard with Kakao and his grandma
and bring one cat.
Hey, humans are two and cats are one.
I said I'd take them.
Then the old lady said,
What's an old lady?
She's got a lot of eyes on her face, so she's an old lady.
What are you talking about?
You're fighting with your friends for three days a day.
It's not like that.
I'm doing it every day.
If you don't do it yesterday, you'll have to do it twice today.
You can't fight like that.
You should go to school.
School is the foundation of 100 schools.
No matter what school you go to,
it's not a good thing to have a good school.
It's a good thing to have a good school.
It's not a bear's promise.
If you don't have a parent, you can't put a blanket on the stone.
Oh, I see.
If you don't have an eggplant to put on the school,
you can't cut the cucumber.
It's completely different.
There's a thing called Nijiushiko in Morokoshi.
Oh, that's right.
Nijiushiko.
Oh, you don't know?
What is it?
Among them, there's a man named Oshou.
He's a high school student who wants to be a mother from a police station.
He wants to eat cucumber.
He came to the pond and saw a big cucumber.
He was naked and melted the ice with warm water.
He was naked and sleeping on the ice.
Oh, what's the matter?
When the ice melted, the cucumber floated up.
You can't say that.
He was lying on the ice and sleeping.
He was like a bear.
He didn't believe it.
No, there's no doubt that it's a good thing for parents.
I think he's a little crazy.
He's a little crazy.
He's still in a dream.
Then that's it.
Why?
There's no such thing as a dream.
What are you talking about?
This man also has a mother.
Oh, I see.
In Morokoshi, there are only mothers and grandmothers.
It's a country where the heart is not.
No, it's not like that.
It's a beast.
He wants to eat a cucumber.
He came to the pond and saw a big cucumber.
I also saw a big cucumber in the snow.
I can't see a big cucumber.
I can't go to school without a big cucumber.
I was staring at the sky and standing.
I'm staring at the sky and looking at the cucumber.
I'm staring at the cucumber.
You're thinking differently.
Oh, that's where it started.
It's a look of a look.
Don't say anything stupid.